1. at least one variant of Breakout that you thought was interesting and what was interesting about it
	I will create a typical Breakout. This game will be space themed, the blocks will be planets and the balls will be 
	asteroids. The paddle on the bottom will be a space ship which launches and moves back and forth to bounce the asteroids
	toward the planets. The goal will be to destroy the planets before their gravity sucks the space ship to the top of the 
	screen. When enough asteroids hit a planet it will blow up and some asteroids(depending on the size) will fly off. These
	new asteroids can be used to hit other planets as well.
	
2. a general description of the different levels you intend to build (perhaps with "pictures" of the block configurations)
	There will be three levels. The easiest level will feature a few small planets. The second level will have a few large
	planets and a few small planets. The third level will have all large planets. The greater the total mass of the planets,
	the stronger the space ship is pulled to the top of the screen toward the planets. If the space ship hits any planet or 
	goes off the top of the screen or loses it's last asteroid, the game is lost.
	  
3. several different blocks you want to create
	I will be using images of the planets of our solar system as the blocks to be destroyed.
	
4. several different power ups you want to create
	One of the power ups are the extra asteroids that will emerge from a destroyed planet. Additionally, having destroyed 
	half of the planets will enable the asteroids to travel faster in an effort to destroy the rest of the planets on time 
	without being sucked to the top of the screen by the planets' gravity.
	 
5. several different cheat keys you are planning to include
	I will include cheat keys to proceed to each of two higher levels. Additionally, I will include a cheat key to increase 
	the width of the space ship and a cheat key to increase the width of the asteriod(s) bouncing around.
	 	
6. something extra you intend to add and why you think it is a substantial addition
	Earth has to be the last planet to be destroyed or else the game is lost. Earth is where the space ship receives
	directions, so until the path is cleared by destroying all other planets, it is too dangerous for the people of earth to
	move to the ship to embark on their mission of searching for a new solar system. The current solar system needs to be 
	destroyed because humans are too embarrassed for themselves and want to erase their history.
